Track 01.10
Narrator: 1
Their house is enormous!
It’s got 12 bedrooms.
Narrator: 2
Was it hot?
Yes,
it was absolutely boiling!
Narrator: 3
Why do you look
so miserable?
I’ve never seen you looking so sad.
Narrator: 4
We had a brilliant holiday.
The hotel,
the weather,
the town –
it was all really good.
Narrator: 5
The food was
absolutely awful.
I’m not going there again!
Narrator: 6
I was furious when I
found out he’d read my private diary!
Narrator: 7
The picture’s tiny –
I can’t see it.
Can you make it a bit bigger?
Narrator: 8
It’s freezing!
Why didn’t I bring a coat?
Here,
you can borrow my jacket.
Narrator: 9
Your T-shirt’s filthy!
Put it in the washing machine.
Narrator: 10
That cake is delicious!
Could I have some more, please?